# Money-Tree
We respect the privacy of its users (“User” or “You”) and are committed to protect the User’s information, be it yours or your child’s. We believe that You have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when You use our mobile applications such as interactive e-books, games, and educational experiences (“Products” as defined in our Terms of Use) and website (the Products and website together, the “Service”).
1. Your consent :
 (important, please read carefully!)By accessing and/or using the Service is defined as site plus apps, You agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the possible collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below). Please note: if You disagree to any term provided herein, You may not access or use the Service.
2. Offline Use : 
We allows the use of some features of its Service and some Products offline (without internet connection). Offline use of the Service and Products will preclude the collection of any information pertaining to You and/or Your use of the Service or Products (including, as applicable, information pertaining to your child and their use) by any Third Parties (defined below) and/or company.
3. Online Use:
What User information may be collected, and for what purpose Company does not collect any information from its Users. Some information may nonetheless be collected through third party services used by Apps/Games such as advertising networks, push notification services or others (“Third Parties“) and stored on such Third Parties’ servers.
Non Personal Information:We allows Third parties to collect non personal information or non-identifiable information (“Non-Personal Information“).To put it simply, with respect to such Non Personal Information we have no idea what is the identity of the User from which Third Parties have collected the Non-personal Information.Non Personal Information collected by Third Parties may include the following technical information:
    •    Type of operation system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.)
    •    Type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.)
    •    Screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.)
    •    Language (e.g. English)
    •    Device Vendor (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.)
    •    Geo-location – only general location may be collected. No street name or city/town name is collected.
We allows Third Parties collection of Non Personal Information for strict and limited purposes. Namely, for the limited purpose of analyzing the Service in order to provide You with the Service functionalities and performance.
Persistent User Identifier and No Other Personal Information:Third Parties may also collect from Users a persistent User identifier. We allows for this information to be collected strictly for internal operations of the Service including serving You with contextual advertisement (“contextual advertisement” are ads that are served to you without connection to any behavioral elements).
We does not allow Third Parties to collect information that may identify an individual (other than the persistent User identifier which is collected for the limited purpose of internal operations of the Service) nor does it allow the collection of any information of private and/or sensitive nature (“Personal Information“).
We does not allow any personal information to be linked to the persistent identifier, even from other services.
4. Direct Marketing & Advertising
We accept contextual advertisements from Third Party advertisers. These advertisers are carefully selected to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our Users. Note that if You click on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about You. We recommend that You review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser and Third Party with which You are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
5. Cookies & Local Storage
 When You access or use the Service, We may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” and Flash (or similar technologies), which store certain information on your device (“Local Storage“) and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your Service experience much more convenient and effortless. The cookies used by the Service are created per session, do not include or gather any information about You, other than your session key and are removed as the session ends. It is easy to prohibit the Local Storage. Most browsers and platforms will allow You to erase cookies from your device, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to erase or disable the Local Storage option in Flash You should use the settings option of Flash according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider. However, if You block or erase cookies, or change the settings of Flash, your online experience may be limited.We may also use certain third-party cookies (e.g. Google Authentication). These are a different kind of cookies, stored on your computer by third parties, rather than by the Company. This kind of cookie is only read (and not altered by the Service) each time You visit the Service. Third-party cookies store only Non-personal Information, such as the different pages You have visited strictly within the Service (such the “About” page; “Contact Us” page, the duration of your browsing, etc.).
6. Security
 We take a great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
7. Health information
We provide information and calculation based on average person in earth, so if you using this app then consult your doctor before use, we are not responsible for any harm.
8. Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Service and any information collected therein. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” and your continued use of the Service on or the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
9. Got any Questions?If You have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, You are most welcome to send us an email to the following address: moneysolutionapps@gmail.com and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable time frame.
